Zeyu, listen to me explain
Explain what?
Is to explain that you kept his whereabouts from me
Or explain that you were secretly with him behind my back?
Zeyu is not what you think
The hotel was indeed opened by me for Xiaoning
Xiaoning
It's really affectionate, don't blame Xu Jingchuan
I told him not to tell you
Why is that?
Because I don't want to see you again, you avoid me
He's not answering my phone.
Do you have any idea how worried I was about you?
worry
I can't bear your worry.
What do you mean?
Isn't it obvious what I mean?
I just want you to go
Shen Minnie you
What are you saying?
Don't you think so?
You push me step by step into the abyss
I'm surprised you think so
Are you still not reconciled?
I'll tell you what.
The person I like
It's Xu Jingchuan
He is very attentive to my emotions
When I needed help the most
He will always be by my side
Without him
I could be burned to death one day
Shen Yuning
Wasting me in front of my parents
Desperately trying to save your child
You just chilled my heart
Then why haven't you left yet?
March